Welcome back to another episode of Cinema Summary.
Today we'll be taking a look at the most perfect person
that ever did exist: Mary Poppins
a British nanny with a super and
natural skillset.
Here we are In Edwardian London, 1910, where
we meet, Bert, who performs as a one-man band
and does other oddjobs; when he senses "a change
in the wind."
Afterwards, he directly addresses the audience,
and gives them a tour of Cherry Tree Lane,
stopping outside the Banks family’s home.
George Banks, The Man
of the House, returns home to learn from Winifred
that Katie Nanna has decided to quit after
Jane and Michael ran away again.
They are returned shortly after by Constable
Jones, who reveals the children were chasing
a lost kite.
The children ask him to help build a better
kite, but he brushes them off.
Taking it upon himself to hire a new nanny,
Mr. Banks advertises for a “stern, no-nonsense
nanny” or... think "baby sitter" for us Americans.
Instead, Jane and Michael present their own
advertisement for a “kinder, sweeter nanny”.
Mr. Banks rips up the letter, and throws the
scraps in the fireplace, and places his own
advertisement in the papers but the remains
of the Jane & Michael’s advert magically float
up, and out into the air.
Mr. Banks's ad works
Look at all o these elderly, sour-faced nannies
waiting outside.
They are suddenly blown away by a strong gust
of wind, and Jane and Michael witness a young
nanny floating from the sky using her umbrella. Huh.
Introducing herself to Mr. Banks, Mary Poppins
calmly produces the children's restored advertisement,
and agrees with its requests, but promises
the astonished banker she will be firm with
his children.
As Mr Banks tries to figure out how she got
the advert, Mary Poppins hires herself, and
convinces him it was originally his idea. After all, Mary
is practically perfect in every way.
She meets the children, then helps them tidy
their nursery through song; and magic we can’t
forget about that can we? Before they all
head out for a walk in the park.
Outside, they meet Bert, working as a screever, a sidewalk artist; Mary Poppins uses her magic
to transport the group into one of the drawings.
While the children ride on a carousel or merry-go-round as you might know it,
Mary Poppins and Bert go on a leisurely stroll
with a musical number, and are served tea
by a quartet of penguin waiters
and look at that their dressed in little suits how cute.
Mary Poppins enchants the carousel horses,
and jockeys in a race horse, which she wins
after all, I told you she was perfect
While being asked to describe her victory,
Mary Poppins announces the nonsense word "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious".
However, the trip is ruined when a thunderstorm
demolishes Bert's drawings, returning the
group to London.
On another day, the four meet Uncle Albert,
who has floated up into the air due to his uncontrollable
laughter because magical realism I guess;
they join him for a tea party on the ceiling,
telling jokes.
"Yesterday, I met a man with a wooden leg named Smith."
"What’s the name of his other leg?"
*Narrator laughs uproariously with little regard to noise complaints*
But, Mr. Banks finds the family’s cheery
atmosphere quite upsetting, and threatens
to fire Mary Poppins.
Instead, Mary Poppins turns the tables and
convinces him to take the children to the
bank for a day.
Mr. Banks takes Jane and Michael to the bank,
where they meet Mr. Dawes Sr. and his son, Mr. Dawes.
Mr. Dawes aggressively attempts to have Michael
invest his tuppence in the bank, snatching
it from him
Ah, the “Anti-Swiss Maneuver”.
Michael demands it back, causing other customers
to misinterpret the incident, and all demand
their own money back, causing a bank run.
Speaking of running, Jane and Michael run away from the bank,
getting lost in the East End until they run into Bert,
now working as a chimney sweep, who takes them back home.
The trio, with Mary Poppins, go out onto the rooftops using a magical smoke staircase,
where they have a song-and-dance number with other chimney sweeps
*Narrator proceeds to sing a good song, badly*
*This continues*
When, Mr. Banks returns home, he receives a phone
call from his employers, and speaks with Bert,
who tells him he should spend more time with
his children before they grow up.
Jane and Michael give their father Michael's
tuppence in the hope to make amends.
Mr. Banks walks thoughtfully through London as he makes his way to the Bank
Where he is given a humiliating cashiering, an embarrassing firing, and is dismissed.
Looking to the tuppence for words, he blurts
out "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!",
tells one of Uncle Albert's jokes, the Wooden Leg one, and happily heads home with a song in his heart
Dawes Sr. mulls over the joke, and he floats up
laughing in the air as he gets the punchline.
The next day, the wind changes, meaning Mary
Poppins must leave.
A happier Mr. Banks is found at home, having
fixed his children's kite, and with his family
they go out to fly the kite.
In the park, the Banks' meet Mr. Dawes Jr,
who reveals his father died laughing from
the joke, and re-employs Mr. Banks as a junior partner
Well does that mean he accidentally killed the guy?
With her work done, Mary Poppins flies away, with Bert bidding her one last goodbye,
telling her to not to stay away too long.
Thank you so much for watching ladies and gentlemen,
if you enjoyed it leave please leave a like down below and don’t forget to subscribe
to get the latest updates on our latest uploads.
Until next time, I got to go fly a kite.